# UnrealConfig

```
Configuration model for the unreal feature.
```
  * **project**: The Unreal project configuration. (  Type: `UnrealProjectConfig` )
    * **uproject_path**: The path to the .uproject file of the Unreal project. (  Type: `<class 'pathlib.Path'>` )

    * **pyscripts_folder**: Path to the PyScripts folder if it's not at the root of the uproject (  Type: `<class 'pathlib.Path'>` )


  * **buildgraph**: The buildgraph configuration. (  Type: `UnrealBuildGraphConfig` )
    * **target**: The target to build with Build Graph. (  Type: `str` )

    * **node_name_filters**: Filters to apply to the node names. Keys are the buildgraph task names and values are the jenkins node filter (Ex: `'MyGame Editor Win64 Test=BootTest': '!NoGPU'` will not select machine without a GPU to run the BootTest task). (  Type: `Optional[Dict[str, str]]` Default: `None` )

    * **properties**: Properties to pass to build graph. These are passed as -set:PropertyName=PropertyValue arguments to UAT. (  Type: `Optional[Dict[str, str]]` Default: `None` )

    * **pre_tasks**: List of tasks to run before the buildgraph tasks. These are run as shell commands. (Ex: `'pwsh script: "Scripts/Project/CI/CI_NetUse.ps1"'`) (  Type: `Optional[List[str]]` Default: `None` )

    * **post_tasks**: Options to record issues on the logs generated by the buildgraph tasks (  Type: `Optional[features.unreal.UnrealBuildGraphPostTasksConfig]` )
      * **enabled**: If true, runs the post tasks (recordIssues) after the buildgraph tasks. (  Type: `bool` Default: `True` )

      * **archive_artifacts**: If true, archives the artifacts generated by the recordIssues tasks. (  Type: `Optional[bool]` Default: `True` )



  * **cleanup_after_build**: Options to run post-buildgraph cleanup tasks. (  Type: `Optional[features.unreal.UnrealCleanupConfig]` Default: `None` )
    * **enabled**: If true, runs the cleanup tasks after the buildgraph. (  Type: `Optional[bool]` Default: `True` )

    * **additional_node_name**: Additional jenkins node tags to use if you want the cleanup tasks to be executed on specific nodes. (  Type: `Optional[str]` Default: `None` )


[Back to main page](index.md)